IOS interface model (#2)
ansible-network/resource_module_models: models/ios/interfaces/deleted_example_01.txt

# Using Deleted

# Before state:
# -------------
#
# vios#show running-config | section ^interface
# interface GigabitEthernet0/1
#  no ip address
#  duplex auto
#  speed auto
# interface GigabitEthernet0/2
#  description Configured and Overridden by Ansible Network
#  no ip address
#  duplex auto
#  speed 1000
# interface GigabitEthernet0/3
#  description Configured and Replaced by Ansible Network
#  mtu 2500
#  no ip address
#  shutdown
#  duplex full
#  speed 1000

> - name: Delete IOS interfaces as in given arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- name: Delete attributes of given interfaces (Note: This won't delete the interface itself)
```
